get tags and set version (#837)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

- Test that we can add an RRULE as a string. See `Issue 301 <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/issues/301>`_.
- Test that we support dateutil timezones as outlined in `Issue 336 <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/issues/336>`_.

> - Build documentation on readthedocs with the version identifier. See `Issue 826 <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/issues/826>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build documentation on Read the Docs with the version identifier. See `Issue 826 <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/issues/826>`_.
```
